make it possible to cut release on non-default branches (#230)
protocol/.github: VERSIONING.md

As soon as the PR is merged into the default branch, the [releaser workflow](.github/workflows/releaser.yml) is run. This workflow cuts a new release on CI and pushes the tag.

### Using a Release Branch

> Sometimes it's necessary to cut releases on a release branch. If you open Pull Request targeting a different branch than the default branch, a new release will only be created if the PR has the `release` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it's necessary to cut releases on a release branch. If you open a Pull Request targeting a branch other than the default, a new release will only be created if the PR has the `release` label.
```

Author: Fixed during rebase.
